feat(split): add size and on-update:size, controlled properties (#5582)
tusen-ai/naive-ui: CHANGELOG.en-US.md

## NEXT_VERSION

### Feat

> -Feat `n-split`'s `size` and `on-update:size` add size and on-update:size, controlled properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `n-split` `size` prop and `on-update:size` event.
```
